Zakary Olyarnik
CS-265 Assignment 3
11-13-14

I quite enjoyed doing this assignment, but there were a lot of errors in the
description:
-saying 5x5 grid when it ends up being 7x7
-saying 6 bridges when there are actually 8
-saying that the outcome should be reported in a single line, then later
with one result per line
-the constructors.  Any subclass must have the same constructor as its
parent, or else extend it.  It cannot have less (i.e., just the string
instead of the string and rng) without overriding the original constructor
entirely, but then super cannot be used to "call the parent class'
constructor to set the name".  I ended up coding mine passing the rng
through anyway, which ends up being a lot more important than the unused
name attribute anyway.

I was expecting a lot more trouble than I had, after doing this week's lab,
but the code here was pretty straightforward.  The only thing I wasn't happy
with was the part evaluating if the mouse was on a bridge, since those
spaces on the board were very specifically located.  I ended up just using a
giant or-statement to compare each to the mouse's current location.  A
switch statement that could have just fallen through all of those spaces
would have been better, but the Point class prevents that.  Without setting
up a much more complicated grid class system like we did in CS-172, the or's
were the best option.  Additionally, I would have liked to truncate the
percentages output, but I looked up how to do that and it involves defining
new paterns to follow, importing more libraries to make it work, etc.  Too
much trouble for something that wasn't specified in the assignment.

I did add some debugging, because I was suspect of the results I was
getting.  I had it print out the current location of the mouse at the
endgame, to match that to the water, bridge, and cat positions to ensure
that the correct ending was being tallied.  I did the same in the routine
that set starting locations, to make sure it re-placed the mouse in the
event that both animals started in the same position.  I left these checks,
commented out, to lend additional credibility to my code.

That's about everything!


