ThreadNum: 575511
Subject: Re: brain teaser
To: cutedoggiejanice@yahoo.com (Janice)
From: Doctor Schwa
TimeStamp: 09/26/2004 at 19:28:47
Sent: yes


As Janice wrote to Dr. Math
On 09/26/2004 at 18:11:47 (Eastern Time),
>Sorry but i typed the wrong question. The question is actualll how 
>many students are not enrolled in either choruse or band. My answer 
>came out to be 6 but i am not sure if that is the right answer I 
>found my solution by adding 18 and 26. then i subtract it from 50. I 
>don't know if that is the right answer

I still don't think it's the right answer, Janice,
for the same reason I wrote to you before:
I think the 18 include people taking both chorus and band,
and so does the 26, so when you subtract both numbers,
you subtract the people who are taking both chorus and band TWICE,
when you only want to subtract them once.

Does that make sense?


- Doctor Schwa, The Math Forum
  <http://mathforum.org/dr.math/>

Hi Janice,
The question of whether you're doing it right comes down to whether
"18 students take chorus" means that the chorus teacher has a class
of 18 students -- which is what I think, and probably what your
math teacher is expecting -- or whether it means in the list of students,
there are 18 who take ONLY chorus and NOT band -- which is what
you thought.

The total, 50 students, is certainly equal to
(students taking neither chorus nor band)
plus
(students taking ONLY chorus)
plus
(students taking ONLY band)
plus
(students taking chorus and band).

But I think that the students taking chorus and band are ALREADY
included in the 18 students taking chorus!  So the number of
students taking ONLY chorus would be 16, not 18.

How many students are taking ONLY band?

Once you have that, you can do
50 - (chorus and band) - (chorus only) - (band only) and you'll
have the number taking neither left over.

You can also search our archives here at Dr. Math for
  Venn diagram
and find some very useful solutions to problems that are
a lot like yours.
